# <Data main>

Before submitting a PR containing your team's project information:
- Make sure you rename this file to contain your project's name
- Respond to add your response in each section below

## (0) Project Name and Team Slack Handles
  
 My project name is Bebo 
 My slack username is deltazxm, slack emil is deltazxm@qq.com

## (1) Brief Project Description

-   Bebo is a new video sharing platform based on Filecoin.

## (2) Link to Project UI

- [ui](https://github.com/bebo-app/bebo/blob/master/icon.png)
- [source](https://github.com/bebo-app/bebo)


## (3) What does your application/UI do?

Bebo committed to spreading video data in decentralized network
It’s aim to build a robust & stable decentralized video applications with distributed 

## (4) If your project is using a curated dataset, which one are you using?

We plan to use MySQL to handle user's storage data and retrieval deal.

## (5) If your project is not using a curated dataset, please tell us a little bit more about your data by answering the questions below.

****

## (6) How much data are you planning to store to the Filecoin network during the Slingshot competition?

We plan to store more than 1 PB of video data during Slingshot.

## (7) How are you structuring the data?

These data are generated by recording video through user’s mobile camera, so it’s belong to video data, andthen the encoding format will be H264.

## (8) What pre-processing are you doing before ingesting the data?

- If the data is too big, we will limit the time of video recording, and compress the video to reduce the bitrate.

## (9)  What tech stack will you use to store the data?

We are using a distributed gateway to store data. Data is stored through the nearest gateway and connected to the nearest miner.

## (10) How will you retrieve the data?

We use distributed gateway to retrieve data, so user can manages the gateway to retrieve the data they need. The gateway takes the data from the miner and sends it to the user.

## (11) Who is the intended user for your application/UI?

at the beginning, our goal is to open Bebo up to Filecoin miners
and then carry out large-scale promotion in the next stage

Finally, we hope to influence all Internet users, make it into a remarkable decentralized application, and make some efforts for the Web3.0 ecological construction.

## (12) Do you have any users already or plans to acquire users soon?

We already have some test users who can use their phones to upload videos to generate certain data. After that, we may use some Fil related incentive methods to encourage users to use it for sharing or personal records.

## (13) What challenges do you anticipate with this project?

In terms of performance and user experience, the traditional centralized Internet is very fast, but it is at the cost of losing users' privacy and security. We are hoping to be able to do something about the user experience.

