# <PIC2048>

Before submitting a PR containing your team's project information:
- Make sure you rename this file to contain your project's name
- Respond to add your response in each section below

## (0) Registration Submission, Project Name, and Team Slack Handles

*Submission ID: 675740912,Project Name:PIC2048，Team Slack Handles:Pic2048Depteam*

## (1) Brief Project Description

*PIC2048 a place to share the world and life with pictures. User can upload they beautiful pictures, vivid pictures to show their self and embellish their life.

Pictures discover the world, pictures convey warmth, pictures express love, pictures lead the trend, pictures lead your life style.

PIC2048 is committed to creating a comprehensive, high-quality, creative picture content platform to provide professional design inspiration for individuals and enterprises. *

## (2) Link to Project UI

*www.pic2048.com*

## (3) What does your application/UI do?

*Provide our users with  pictures and photos that what they are interesting or valuable to them, users can use our project to save the pictures and photos when they need it.*

## (4) If your project is using a curated dataset, which one are you using?

*We are useing Open Images Dataset*

## (5) If your project is not using a curated dataset, please tell us a little bit more about your data by answering the questions below.

*We are useing Open Images Dataset*

## (6) How much data are you planning to store to the Filecoin network during the Slingshot competition?

*We are planing to store more than 1TB of data on the filecoin network*

## (7) How are you structuring the data?

*Cut the data into small pieces and upload them*

## (8) What pre-processing are you doing before ingesting the data?

*Users pick the pictures directly through the web page, and then we will transfer these pictures to the filecoin network by powergate.*

## (9)  What tech stack will you use to store the data?

*Powergate*

## (10) How will you retrieve the data?

*We list all content with its cids. Users could search picture by a cid and download the picture as they want*

## (11) Who is the intended user for your application/UI?

*Self-media operator, Photographer, Designer*

## (12) Do you have any users already or plans to acquire users soon?

*Yes, there are more than 5000 users waiting for our app to go online, and more will join in*

## (13) What challenges do you anticipate with this project?

*Time is tight, and how to provide users with more perfect service in a short time*
